Updates to use Ansible terminology (#4833)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/linux-install-with-ansible.md

In addition, for Ansible deployment, you need to be familiar with Ansible administration tasks, have Ansible configured, and know how to deploy playbooks and tasks. Ansible has many ways to complete the same task. These instructions assume availability of supported Ansible modules, such as *apt* and *unarchive* to help deploy the package. Your organization might use a different workflow. Refer to the [Ansible documentation](https://docs.ansible.com/) for details.

- Ansible needs to be installed on at least one computer (Ansible calls this the control node).

> - SSH must be configured for an administrator account between the control node and all managed nodes (machines that will have Defender installed on them), and it is recommended be configured with public key authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SSH must be configured for an administrator account between the control node and all managed nodes (devices that will have Defender for Endpoint installed on them), and it is recommended to be configured with public key authentication.
```
